Aug 12 email (#6)
dolthub/weekly-updates: emails/2022-08-12.md

### It's time to migrate!

We've been working on [Dolt's new storage format](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2022-06-27-prolly-chunker/) for over a year. This should be our last backwards incompatible format change as we prepare for our Dolt 1.0 release later this year. Look at that beautiful normal chunk size distribution! How could you not want that?

[![New format chunk size distribution](../images/chunk-distribution.png)](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2022-08-12-new-format-migraiton/)

So, there are two supported ways [to migrate](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2022-08-12-new-format-migraiton/) if you have the latest [Dolt version 0.40.25](https://github.com/dolthub/dolt/releases/tag/v0.40.25):

1. `dolt init --new-format` for new databases
2. `dolt migrate` for existing databases

You can check which format you are running by `dolt version`. 

```
PS C:\Users\timse\dolthub\dolt\new-format> dolt init --new-format
Successfully initialized dolt data repository.
PS C:\Users\timse\dolthub\dolt\new-format> dolt version
dolt version 0.40.25
database storage format: NEW ( __DOLT__ )
```

> You see that correctly, [Dolt works on Windows](https://docs.dolthub.com/introduction/installation/windows) and I run it at home.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[I run Dolt on Windows](https://docs.dolthub.com/introduction/installation/windows) at home, which is now upgraded to the latest Dolt version `0.40.25` and the new `__DOLT__` storage format.
```
